Maran bashara Maran what do you make of
these extraordinary pictures uh that we
are that we've just been playing uh T
Abu aom telling us that uh this incident
taking place in the North in Northern
Gaza very close to the area where that
Pier was built to bring in humanitarian
aid from the
sea I mean it's it's just so distressing
isn't
it I mean you know
probably certain words should be
invented uh for this sorts of thing I'm
not sure we do have sufficient
vocabulary to describe um this sort of
um Twilight Zone really it's a it's a
it's quite the Twilight Zone between um
Israel's fantasy of the most moral
Army and here it is now in black and
white for everyone to see
there there's there's there's no hiding
behind these pictures about what is
happening there's absolutely no hiding
and this is the thing right I mean it's
a Twilight Zone because there is and
remains today every day we hear the
Israelis boasting of their most moral
Army it's a fantasy that meets the
reality of um a
genocide an attempt to uh kill or
destroy uh much of
Palestine and the Palestinians there and
to hide the evidence and to lie about it
um every time you think uh over the past
five months that Israel has hit
bottom it somehow finds a new law it
hits a new law you don't know how uh and
continuously lies about it and um
accuses the world of hostility and anti
semitism so airing this and talking
about it and really questioning the
morality of this Israeli Army I suppose
that we should also make us
anti-semitic this is what it is I mean
it's speaks for
itself in the sense that um there's a
situation now it has been for
decades whereby
Israelis try to decimate an entire
people
people by some mean or another whether
it is through starvation through
destruction Siege hunger famine
displacement ethnic
cleansing and so on and so forth so this
has been going on and now we see these
scenes and and you could definitely
underline the fact that this is the
culmination of
impunity when the Israeli Army can do
all of these things can get away with it
it it can only then do more of it
knowing that uh it will not meet uh any
punishment you know I was just listening
only a few moments ago to an interview
by one of uh netanyahu's Minister one of
Israel's Minister drummer for strategic
Affairs believe it or
not and he was explaining on Fox News
why Israel just got back to aifa
hospital with a command unit and I'm
quoting him now
Israel killed 170 terrorists in a shifa
hospital and captured 700
terrorists at asifa hospital this
Commando unit and it killed no
civilians no
civilians as if Ian I guess probably
people in Israel officials and people
need to stop watching Al jazer basically
that's the problem right they don't
watch Al jazer they don't watch the
scenes the facts that we show in real in
real in real time in real life what is
going on what they are doing in Gaza so
the problem is once again it's impunity
and deception they do it they think they
can get away with it and hence they do
more of it we've seen it as this war
unraveled now we see it on the beach of
Gaza but let's remind ourselves that
this has been the war on children and
women 20,000 killed and probably 10,000
more are under the rebels it was and is
a war on hospitals a war on civilians on
doctors and nurses on professors
academics
Engineers on young people old people
it's just been going on the United
Nations has said it must
stop instead Israel is
intensifying the killing machine in Gaza
Maron stay with us because I I am going
to come back to you uh I just want to
move